---
title: Travel to Berlin, Germany
layout: post
---
Short trip to Berlin starting at the international Berlin Tegel (TXL) Airport

From Berlin Tegel Airport (TXL) you get easily to the city by taking a bus and then change to the subway. Although the airport is not connected directly to the subway train system, getting around with public transportation is easy. Day pass tickets can be bought with the “BVG Berlin tickets” app in advance which saves time an arrival. 

A good place to start discovering the city is Alexanderplatz. Many of the attractions are close by.

The city is rich in history and the most populated city in Germany.

{% include imageText.html width="640px" url="/assets/image/blog/2019-05-16 Brandenburg.jpg" text="The Iconic Brandenburg Gate in Berlin. Opened in the year 1791." %}

{% include imageText.html width="640px" url="/assets/image/blog/2019-05-16 Checkpoint.jpg" text="Checkpoint Charlie today tourist attraction. Crossing point between east and west berlin in cold war." %}

{% include imageText.html width="640px" url="/assets/image/blog/2019-05-16 Reichstag.jpg" text="Reichstag Building. Parliament of the Federal Republic of Germany." %}

{% include imageText.html width="640px" url="/assets/image/blog/2019-05-16 TrafficLight.jpg" text="First traffic light in Germany. Replica of 1924 erected tower." %}

{% include imageText.html width="640px" url="/assets/image/blog/2019-05-16 WorldClock.jpg" text="World clock opened in 1969 at Alexanderplatz. Showing the time of 148 cities." %}

{% include imageText.html width="640px" url="/assets/image/blog/2019-05-16 Wall.jpg" text="Remains of the Berlin wall erected on Aug. 13, 1961." %}

{% include imageText.html width="640px" url="/assets/image/blog/2019-05-16 Sectors.jpg" text="The red line is the wall. City divided into French, British, American and Russian sectors." %}
AAA